# About FRIDA

As part of its strategy to support its researchers in their endeavor the University of Ljubljana, Faculty of Computer and Information Science ([UL FRI](https://www.fri.uni-lj.si)) actively invests in research infrastructure. In the summer of 2023, one such investment was the expansion of an existing, homegrown Slurm cluster with additional hardware. The Slurm cluster was initially set up with the help of the Development of Slovene in the Digital Environment (RSDO) project in 2020 when the first [NVIDIA DGX-A100](https://docs.nvidia.com/dgx/dgxa100-user-guide/) system was acquired. The most recent expansion consists of a new and more capable login node, and two compute nodes with 8 80GB/GPU GPUs each, one of them being an [NVIDIA DGX-H100](https://docs.nvidia.com/dgx/dgxh100-user-guide/), the currently most capable and sought-after NVIDIA DGX system. To mark this expansion the Slurm cluster was renamed to FRIDA.

FRIDA is planned to be progressively further expanded. For example in Q1 of 2024, attention will be given to future/alternative technologies, with the addition of development kit compute nodes equipped with AMD MI210 GPUs as well as NVIDIA GraceHopper Superchips. Later expansions will concentrate on faster Infiniband data interconnect, faster and larger shared data storage, as well as additional compute nodes.

Research labs that own and manage their computing systems themselves, may inquire about the possibility of integrating their infrastructure into FRIDA. Cofunding of future FRIDA expansions is also possible. All inquiries should be addressed to the UL FRI Management Board, the technical details will be coordinated by the FRIDA technical committee.
